[193] Dataset update checks (#194)
nestauk/innovation_sweet_spots: innovation_sweet_spots/tests/data_update_checks/README.md

# Dataset Update Checks

> `data_update_checks.py` compares the current version of a dataset with a new version. It checks for missing/additional files, rows, columns, NaNs. It also creates some dataset specific plots to see how the coverage for each year has changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`data_update_checks.py` compares two versions of a dataset (eg, and older version with a new version). It checks for missing/additional files, rows, columns, NaNs. It also creates some dataset specific plots to see how the coverage for each year has changed.
```

## Requirements

> In addition to the main Innovation Sweet Spots requirements, there are some additional requirements needed to run the dataset update checks. To install these, run: `pip install -r innovation_sweet_spots/tests/data_update_checks/requirements.txt`.

Reviewer: Hey @Jack-0-0 looks like there is only one requirement there - could we add it to the main requirements.txt file? (located at the root of the repo)

Author: I've moved the requirement into the main `requirements.txt` file and removed mention of requirements from the readme.

## Usage

> Run: `python innovation_sweet_spots/tests/data_update_checks/data_update_checks.py [current_directory] [new_directory] [dataset]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run: `python innovation_sweet_spots/tests/data_update_checks/data_update_checks.py [old_version_directory] [new_version_directory] [dataset]`
```
